All questions are optional, though try to answer at least 4. The main goal of this file is to get you thinking critically about your own work, but we will also use these self reflections at the end of the semester when we do our internal review of the course.

ArrayDeque:

Q: Give an example of at least one idea from the staff solution that would have made your solution better (if any).

A: Their use of helper functions was great and I think could have greatly improved my code.

Q: What's something you felt proud of in your code, if anything?

A:I was very prod that I was able to easily create the circular system.

Q: What's something that was particularly inelegant in your code, if anything?

A: The looping around that created the linked structure was somewhat inelegant.

Q: What do you wish you would have known before writing ArrayDeque, if anything?

A: I wish i had known the small super horrible error that i had that took hours to find before i had coded to make sure
that i didn't make that typo.

Q: If you wrote ArrayDeque again, what would you do differently, if anything?

A:I would have a loop helper function.

-----

LinkedListDeque:

Q: Give an example of at least one idea from the staff solution that would have made your solution better (if any).

A: My solution was pretty good and didn't need much addition

Q: What's something you felt proud of in your code, if anything?

A:I felt proud that i was able to completely solve all of the problems involving this code with just my tests.

Q: What's something that was particularly inelegant in your code, if anything?

A:I was a little sad that I never did really figure out a good way to get() negative indexes.

Q: What do you wish you would have known before writing ArrayDeque, if anything?

A: I wish i had known how to use the visualizer included in the cs61b add on.

Q: If you wrote LinkedListDeque again, what would you do differently, if anything?

A: I would figure out a way to do a negative index such that get(-1) would have a meaningful value.

-----

Meta:

Q: This is the first time we've tried something like this. Did you like this design review process? Anything we should do differently next time?

A: I like it allot i think an email about it should be sent out to remind people to go to labs for the process.